In this lesson we're going to rewrite the favourite button
into vue js component and make it more interactive
by implementing ajax.
All right let's open up our terminal and then create new branch
Now let's open up shared _favorite.blade.php
and here let's copy this in anchor tag
and then let's go to assets js components
folder and create new component.
let's called the Favorite.vue add
template tag and paste the code
here
We are going to utilize the vue js v-on directive
So let's remove this on click attribute
and here the favorite button depends
on is favorited and favorites count
and also authentication to determine
the additional class for the anchor.
So let's provide that in our script.
so let's add script tag
define props property and it should be contains question.
And then let's define data method
return object
and inside here let's define is favorited
And it hold this question is favorited
then count and it hold this question favorites count.
Note that both of these are accessor
so letter we'll have to define them in
appends attribute
in the question model
now the temporary solution for dealing with authentication
is by define a variable let's say signed in
and here I'll set the value with true. Later
we'll come back here and fix this.
Now we can define computed property
and inside here let's define a method to put this logic.
Let's call it classes
here we simply return an array
contains classes
favorite mt-2`
and then for the last class it will be `off` if user not signed
in otherwise it will be `favorited` if user has signed
in and has favorited the question or it will
be nothing if two conditions not met.
So if user not signed in return off
or if user has signed in and the question
has been favorited return fovorited class.
otherwise return empty.
Now we can go back to our template and change
the span's text with count as we defined here.
Then let's remove everything inside class attribute
and then bind the class attribute to classes
like we have defined in computed property here
and here we should use class binding. Alright
now we can go to app.js in assets folder
and register our favorite component.
Now let's
open up _vote.blade.php shared folder
and here we can replace this with our new favorite component.
Next we can open question model
and add is favorited and favorites count inside appends attribute.
All right let's
save all changes
and have a look.
Here I haven't run the webpack so let me run that
OK
Let's have a look reload the page.
I'll open developer tool
here
I have no error if I go to
vue dev tool
here I can  see the favorite component.
it look no difference
But if I change the sign in to false
and then reload the page here will see
the icons color turns to a bit like gray.
OK here let me change the signed in back to true.